---
title: discontent
date: 2002-09-14
excerpt: discontent
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

September 14th, 2002
09:47 am: discontent
well, it comes as no surprise that atlanta is not ready for experimental/electronic music. the audience last nite seemed really uninterested in what was going on on stage. and those who were paying attention came off as being really catty. maybe if I had some pumping 4 on the floor dance beats and some tits and ass on stage I couldve had everyone into it....pathetic. oh well. this isnt going to stop me from playing shows. =\

Current Music: age of ruin - terror
Current Mood: aggravated 😤

Comments:

- From: deafeuphoria
- Date: September 14th, 2002 07:17 am (local)

- pft feck those clowns

- i totally fucking forgot about it.
- i was sitting here this morning and thought 'FUCK I MISSED OHJNS SHOW'

- =\

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: September 14th, 2002 08:07 am (local)

  - its totally cool. nothing exciting about some dude twiddlin knobs for 30mins =P

    - From: deafeuphoria
    - Date: September 14th, 2002 09:11 am (local)

    - haha yes there is! <]:D

10:35 am: as if last nite weren't bad enough. now, I'm sick, hungover, hungry, and I cant sleep. /me puts himself out of his misery

Current Mood: bitchy 😒
Current Music: luti-kris - petty larson

10:39 am: oh yeah, and my goddamn dsl is out. dammit.

Comments:

- From: evexatom
- Date: September 14th, 2002 08:43 am (local)

- i stopped by, but i guess you'd passed out by then. even brought a tape of anna that eric passed on to me.

- the show was different. good, but different. i've never seen (read:heard) anything like that. i don't know how to say it the way i want to... fuck words. i enjoyed it. understandably not entertaining to watch unless you've got a mad crush on the person on stage, but um. fuck. i just can't word this... i'll try again later.
