---
title: woo
date: 2002-08-05
excerpt: woo, finally the trip ends. had a great time for the most part.
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

August 5th, 2002
07:56 pm: woo
woo, finally the trip ends. had a great time for the most part. except the fact that 2 shows got cancelled. =\ although, I wasnt surprised about that considering the douchebag who put on the show is a piece of shit. the new york show was a blast. we were quoted as "extreme noise" and "the loudest band" haha. I dunno, I dont remember too much about that. thanks again tara for putting us up for a nite. nexicon, you guys rule! hope to see/hear more stuff from you guys. thanks to everyone who came out that nite.

the baltimore show went pretty well. a bit slow paced and not as heavy as a turn out as the ny show, but went rather well. thanks to scott, a] torture mech, and she will bare the heavens in her womb. you guys rule! ...but your city sucks. hahaha.(never had a bum spit on me until I went to baltimore)

Current Mood: tired 😴
Current Music: melvins - black stooges

Comments:

- From: bodyless
- Date: August 6th, 2002 09:15 am (local)

- thanks for the great evening! we all had a hell of a time...[mastering nexicon tracks in the background...]--if it weren't for the great noise, we could've just done an 80's metal roundtable on stage hahaha!

- mk | nex

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: August 6th, 2002 01:17 pm (local)

  - haha hell yeah! \m/
  - \*john puts on his spiked gauntlets and bullet belt

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: August 6th, 2002 06:09 pm (local)

  - hehe, it was nice meeting you too. sorry I wasnt more talkative though. dazed from the trip. =B

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: August 6th, 2002 06:54 pm (local)

  - haha, yeah well that too
