---
title: welp, today I have to go to
date: 2003-01-23
excerpt: welp, today I have to go to court. at the beginning of this month I got in a wreck. well, because of our beautifully constructed court system, I now have to pay $101 out of my pocket for hitting some lady from behind. its not my fault that she stopped abruptly making me stop abruptly and also that my brakes locked up on me. maybe theyll reduce the fine for me due to the weather conditions. maybe theyll throw it out because the officer and lady wont show up. who knows. all I know is I cant really afford to dish out $101 right now. Ive got rent and a car payment coming up. maybe Ill sell my stupid car and cancel my insurance and just bike it everywhere! hah. of course itd be my luck that my bike would get stolen and
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

January 23rd, 2003
11:29 am: welp, today I have to go to court. at the beginning of this month I got in a wreck. well, because of our beautifully constructed court system, I now have to pay $101 out of my pocket for hitting some lady from behind. its not my fault that she stopped abruptly making me stop abruptly and also that my brakes locked up on me. maybe theyll reduce the fine for me due to the weather conditions. maybe theyll throw it out because the officer and lady wont show up. who knows. all I know is I cant really afford to dish out $101 right now. Ive got rent and a car payment coming up. maybe Ill sell my stupid car and cancel my insurance and just bike it everywhere! hah. of course itd be my luck that my bike would get stolen and

Current Music: city of caterpillar - an innocent face
Current Mood: cranky 😠

11:45 am: another waste of time-
I am 62% Tortured Artist

Art is significant in my life, people are scum but I have the capicity to deal with it. Give it a few more years and I will either forget about art or hate the world.

Take the Tortured Artist Test at fuali.com


04:15 pm: lets hear it for idot savants
due to my ignorance of the court system, being nervous and panic stricken, I managed to plead correctly. I plead nolo contendre...which apparently means you get away scott-free! hahaha. so I didn't have to pay $101 and I also didn't get any points added to my insurance.

Current Mood: content 😌
Current Music: reversal of man - the houngen
