---
title: con.sist.ence - rambling.
date: 2003-01-20
excerpt: con.sist.ence - rambling. run-on. radishes!
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

January 20th, 2003
10:29 pm: con.sist.ence - rambling. run-on. radishes!
wow. here's yet another test as if these journal pages arent filled with them enough:
My personality is rated 29.
What is yours?

so today I bought Pink Floyd's Live at Pompeii dvd. very good dvd I must say. although it is a bootleg and apparently I was sold a copy someone prolly made at their home. oh well, damn good video.

so I think in the coming weeks Im going to invest in a bicycle to explore the city with. Ive built up this great fantasy in my head that Ill find some secret paths in the city and Ill uncover my own utopia. or maybe I can bike around and collect more field recordings for my next album that Ive been putting off for the past 6months. which ties in with my other plan for the following weeks..save up for a drumset... Id like to use that on an upcoming album but I know my sucktitude will be great. but who knows. anyone care to donate to my drum/bike fund? how about a few new fx pedals so I can work on my live set? how about helping me along with my crush on a girl at a certain taco place. hah, I think Ill build up enough courage one day to say something. I just hate going into someones work and trying to flirt... especially when theyre behind a counter and theyre kinda sitting up higher and you have to look up at them as if youre looking up at a judge. thats really nerve racking.. AND ANOTHER THING. who designs these stupid places. I mean cmon. its the same deal with criminal records. you get those pompous assholes sittin behind the counter and you have to beg to them for a stupid cd. "oh please mr./mrs. authoritative-music-selling-person. please let me have this cd. I would forever be in your debt." rambles. but anyways, blah blah blah. someone give me some motivation. just, like, chisel it off or clone it or draw it up or do something.

oh, and last nite was kinda fun. bowling, beer, and bitches. need I say more? I can whoop a horses ass at bowling and thats a fact. ok, I think Im gonna read some more. reading catch 22. something Ive always meant to read but never got around to it. its ok so far, kinda dull except for the funny parts - which are really funny. I think its dull cause its written in my own stream of conscience... (however, this journal crap isnt a good example. this things just to empty out my useless thoughts.)

Current Mood: bored 🥱
Current Music: kit clayton - duplicate address

Comments:

- From: ohjn
- Date: January 21st, 2003 02:26 am (local)

- a split with recluse would be rad. I think he's serious about it. hes been looking for something to do with recluse lately. what kinda pedals are they and how much would you want for them? I need me somep'n badly.

- From: laurelly
- Date: January 21st, 2003 06:59 am (local)

- My personality is rated 19.
- What is yours?

- Mavis wont talk to me anymore. I am bitter.

- From: ohjn
- Date: January 21st, 2003 12:44 pm (local)

- he barely talks to me too unless he needs something. I think since he's a rock star now he wont talk to his friends. =(
- what did it say about your personality? all I saw is that you were rated 19. hah.

- From: laurelly
- Date: January 21st, 2003 01:52 pm (local)

- Others see you as sensible, cautious, careful & practical. They see you as clever, gifted, or talented, but modest...Not a person who makes friends too quickly or easily, but someone who's extremely loyal to friends you do make and who expect the same loyalty in return. Those who really get to know you realize it takes a lot to shake your trust in your friends, but equally that it takes you a long time to get over it if that trust is ever broken.
