---
title: and here I always thought that
date: 2003-05-11
excerpt: and here I always thought that jäger was the devil... but I was wrong. whiskey is the fuckin devil. goddamn!
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

May 11th, 2003
09:02 am: and here I always thought that jäger was the devil... but I was wrong. whiskey is the fuckin devil. goddamn!

Current Mood: drunk 🥴
Current Music: biosphere - shenzhou

06:58 pm: so today I received a belated birthday present from my aunt. this present has turned out to be the most bizarre of presents I have yet to receive. I now have, in my very own possession,... are you ready for this? I bet you're dying to find out. I bet I could type on and on and on and you will be left wondering what it is that I have now. muhahhaa. so yeah, I have an OLIVE DISH. LOOK OUT!?@ party time ahead. yes, that's right an olive dish. infact it's a set of 2!!! twice the olive fun! both dishes are 16" long by 2" wide perfect for large and/or small olives of my choice! oh my dreams will be filled of olives and white porcelain. my stars.

Current Music: otto van schirach - 4 rooms 4 walls
Current Mood: amused 😄

Comments:

- From: dried_squid
- Date: May 11th, 2003 12:10 pm (local)

- that's hilarious. do you even like olives?

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: May 11th, 2003 05:59 pm (local)

  - haha, no. Im not particularly fond of olives. I suppose I can put jelly beans in it or something... oh, I could have a really big gravy boat! haha -- vegetarian of course ;)

    - From: dried_squid
    - Date: May 11th, 2003 06:10 pm (local)

    - what, no beef or turkey drippin's?

      - From: ohjn
      - Date: May 11th, 2003 07:20 pm (local)

      - I'll drip you!!! _shakes fist in the air_

        - From: ohjn
        - Date: May 13th, 2003 02:32 pm (local)

        - haha. wait, why did this person repeat what you just said?

        - My Hat is a Truck (xrazoredgex) replied to your LiveJournal comment in which you
          said:

        - > haha, no. Im not particularly fond of olives. I suppose I can put jelly
        - > beans in it or something... oh, I could have a really big gravy boat!
        - > haha -- vegetarian of course ;)

        - Their reply was:

        - Subject:

        - what? no beef or turkey drippin's for you?!

        - well, she likes skinny puppy. thats always a plus. hhehe ;)
