---
title: flaccid
date: 2003-03-04
excerpt: flaccid
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

March 4th, 2003
12:28 am: flaccid
I cannot think of anything even remotely exciting to talk about anymore. I really havnt had an engaging conversation about anything important in, quite possibly, 2 years. I miss my old job at barnes and noble. working in a dead-end, go nowhere, mind numbing, pizza cafe isnt quite as stimulating or exciting as I had once thought it to be. so! in a recent evaluation of my current situation, I thought long and hard on it, and decided to take on a part-time job doing CAD (computer aided design. more specifically, I am doing residential design) work with my father. so far, things are going quite well and Im starting to feel more confident about doing this as a career. I have always been around architecture and construction while growing up... so, it only makes sense.
today, with all of this in mind, I decided to go to borders and do a little bit of research on the subject. sadly, I couldnt find anything pertaining to what I was looking for and exhausted my search for the evening with a cup of lady grey tea. tomorrow, if I can muster up enough motivation to do so, I will look into colleges that will suit my needs. hopefully, by the end of this year/beginning of next I will be back in school. hurrah!

and now, to lighten up the entry, I will now provide you with some amusement. yngwie malmsteen gets water splashed on him during a flight to tokyo and he "unleashes the fucking fury!!" haha, please read this and enjoy!
http://www.roadrunnerrecords.com/blabbermouth.net/news.aspx?mode=Article&newsitemID=8100

Current Mood: sleepy 😴
Current Music: pan american - double rail
