---
title: rant.
date: 2003-03-20
excerpt: rant.
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

March 20th, 2003
08:45 pm: rant.
so yeah, I havnt updated this thing in awhile so I might as well give a rant. so...I'm tired. decided to go to the farmers market for some food. etc. I go to check out, I'm waiting in line behind my roommate. waiting, waiting. so I look over to my right and happen to notice that the register next to me has become available. I also happen to notice that theres a lady somewhat near that register but she's currently engaged in a conversation with another person. so then I look at the register person over there and notice she's trying to get the ladies attention. no luck. so then she motions for me to come to her to check out. so I go over there. 2.5 minutes later, I'm paying for my transaction. the lady that was engaged in the conversation finally breaks herself away from it and starts harrassing me. "sir, SIR! that was really rude of you to cut infront of me like that. SIR! I hope you dont do that again." so I says, "wow, youre really impatient, arent you? how about paying more attention when its YOUR TURN TO GO NEXT TIME!" so then I grabbed my things and walked off. I would have loved to argue my point of view some more, being a stubborn taurus and all, but I really hate confrontation and ignorance. so, eh, I'm venting.

Current Music: dagda mor - hjadningawig

Comments:

- From: laurelly
- Date: March 20th, 2003 02:04 pm (local)

- I would have punched her in the 'ol snatch!

- From: sadlowbitworld
- Date: March 20th, 2003 05:59 pm (local)

- sexy!

- From: ohjn
- Date: March 21st, 2003 02:26 am (local)

- I really wanted to take out her beaver teeth. she looked like a mole with beaver teeth. next time, - I'll have my roommate run up behind her and kneel down. then, I'll push the old bitty over my roommate. then I would drop my coconut on her head. the one that I was buying because coconuts are good.
