---
title: help john's date fund.
date: 2003-04-28
excerpt: help john's date fund.
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

April 28th, 2003
07:03 pm: help john's date fund.
so today was a pretty good day. totally made up for last week. so we were bored at work and thought that the tip jar needed something a bit more lively written on it. so one of my managers opted that we put a sign on it that read "help john's date fund." what a splended idea. to accompany this sign I made a little chart. if I were to receive: $1 = fellini's, $3 krystals, $5 mcdonalds, $10 waffle house, $15 la fonda, $20 ru sans, $50 atlanta fish market, and $100 bennihannas. well, I only made it up to $15 which equals la fonda... which isnt bad for a monday afternoon at my work. BUT! the best part about this is I received 3 phone numbers and I have a date for thursday... which, coincidentally, is my birthday. I hope all goes well and if not, it was fun for today. haha.

Current Mood: cheerful 😊
Current Music: uusitalo - social selection

Comments

- From: dried_squid
- Date: April 28th, 2003 12:38 pm (local)

- ha! you should have thought of this strategy sooner! so, have you actually seen the people that gave you their number, or were the numbers dropped in the tip jar?

- pt.

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: April 29th, 2003 05:17 am (local)

  - well, yeah. I mean I was working the register. how else could I have pulled it off? haha. besides, I think I'm only gonna take one girl up on her offer. I really only did the tip jar thing so I could have more money to go out drinking with. haahha.

- From: sadlowbitworld
- Date: April 28th, 2003 02:20 pm (local)

- haha that is awesome. i need a 'help johns date fund' jar too.
- happy birthday! (soon)

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: April 29th, 2003 05:25 am (local)

  - haha. how about a help chris' date fund. I mean how could a tip jar in long island, ny possibly help me in finding a date. and what's up with you and that girl. the one that looked like..uh, nelly fertado, or I dunno some girl you worked with.

- From: dried_squid
- Date: April 28th, 2003 03:01 pm (local)

- i'm going to a lesbian polyamorous thing at my uni tomorrow. too bad i'm taken. i'm going with a female friend of mine though, so hopefully she will hit on the women for me!

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: April 29th, 2003 05:35 am (local)

  - now why would it be fun to go to a lesbian rally when youre dating a boy? ...especially if it's polyamorous and he's not lettin you touch the merchandise. hah.

- From: dried_squid
- Date: April 29th, 2003 09:09 pm (local)

- oh, but i can touch the merchandise. i can fondle all i want too.

- it turned out to be a sex fair though. i made friends with the chick at the piercing booth (of course) and actually ended up helping her answer questions of all the scared visitors. it's always so funny to see what pussies guys are. also, no one is ever interested in asking about non-genital piercings. i pointed out to several that jacob's ladders (as shown in the picture book on the table) are not necessarily a penile thing. you can have them on the back of your neck, for example. no one cared. it was all clitorial hood shit.

- the booth right next to hers was run by chris's ex. and she runs a sex toy shop. heh. i also got to person her booth when she ran to go get lunch. it was fun. i got to play with lube and show people what a g-spot/prostate stimulator looked like. she has some lovely glass dildos that i've wanted for awhile. i'm just afraid that if i get one, i'll chip it somehow.

- pt.

- From: laurelly
- Date: April 29th, 2003 08:15 pm (local)

- happy bday cap'n queer
