---
title: sass parilla
date: 2003-05-02
excerpt: sass parilla
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

May 2nd, 2003
11:00 am: sass parilla
so, I now have my very first tattoo, a blur of a birthday party, a picture of a gorilla playing a cello, and a swollen ass (dont ask!)

Current Mood: drunk 🥴
Current Music: surface of eceon - dragyyn

Comments:

- From: dried_squid
- Date: May 2nd, 2003 08:46 am (local)

- I want gossip

- i was gonna wish you happy birthday but i didn't see you online. where is the tattoo?! what is it?! i want details! tell me!

- pt.

- From: dried_squid
- Date: May 2nd, 2003 08:48 am (local)

- i just noticed the ass part

- ...awww, did someone burst your anal cherry last night?

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: May 3rd, 2003 01:35 am (local)

  - Re: i just noticed the ass part

  - hah no, I got a spankin from like 20 people at the star bar that nite. I ended up winning the talent show too! haha. my tattoo is the bomb in my profile and its located on my right calf.

    - From: trixx44
    - Date: May 3rd, 2003 03:55 am (local)

    - So...what is the significance of the bomb anyway?

- From: ohjn
- Date: May 3rd, 2003 11:43 am (local)

- the bomb is about 2-2.5" in diameter and has no real significance... none that I'd really care to explain anyways. and no, Im not a terrorist. I do not hate anyone. its purely for my own amusement. although, I am going to go back and have "may day" put underneath it. and yes, I am full of surprises. there is a lot more to me than meets the eye. muhahaha
  now... If I could just remember some blackout spots of my birthday party I'll be all set. =(

      - From: trixx44
      - Date: May 3rd, 2003 12:22 pm (local)

      - Re:

      - Actually the terrorist thing never even occured to me...which says something about my state of mind I suppose.

      - Blackouts get old real quick...what's worse is remembering enough bits of the night to piece together what may have happened.

      - I quit drinking for a while after that...

      - Not fun at all.

          - From: ohjn
          - Date: May 4th, 2003 04:18 am (local)

          - yeah, and the sad thing is. I went out and got drunk last nite. like my dad bought most of the beer. then after that, I went out to another bar and dried squid's ex-boyfriend got me even drunker. haha. that was kinda fucked up. I woke up this morning wondering where I had left my car. it was bad.

- From: dried_squid
- Date: May 3rd, 2003 11:21 am (local)

- wait, how big is that tattoo? and yea, what is the significance of it? you've never mentioned wanting one before...just that scifi sleeve thingy.
