---
title: your face is fuct.
date: 2003-04-17
excerpt: your face is fuct.
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

April 17th, 2003
06:38 pm: your face is fuct.
so let's see. where do I begin... so me and 5 other of my friends started out at the local-- drinkin, shootin the shit. so we finish just before trivia begins and decide to go across the street to get more beer. we go. we grab 2 cases of tallboy pbrs and head back to the cars. we then head over to brads apt. (1 of the 5 friends) and proceed to drink a beer or 2 and chitchat. we then go to an abandoned lot next to his apt. and sift thru all the furniture lying around. after a few minutes we stumble across an old mattress. hehehe. tie the matress up to robyns (friend #2) truck and brad and I hop on to test it out. ah, success. we then take the mattress across the street to a neighborhood thinking that we're in the clear and everythings cool. so we're in the neighborhood and we throw down the mattress onto the ground and hop on. robyn starts to drive forward. we go not even 2 blocks down the road and we're immediately stopped. I peer around the side of robyns truck and see a big black van with tented windows. almost immediately 6 police officers pile out of the van and shine lights in our eyes. these police officers had just finished a huge drug bust no more than 5minutes before we arrived. so they proceeded to question us, search us, and harrass us. the usual. and as Im standing there being searched and patted down, I started thinking to myself. "you know, I should be scared shitless right now. I'm on a mattress being pulled behind a truck in the middle of a ghetto in atlanta at 9pm. theres a war going on in the world...well, finishing up atleast. and you know, I feel content. I don't know why. perhaps its because of the alocohol... but then again, I was feeling this all day really." so, after the run in with the cops we head back to brads place. have a few more beers and laughs and then plan on round 2. we decided that the best place for ghetto mattress surfing would be the westend warehouses where brad, delphine (friend #3) and warren (friend #4) used to live together. so we arrive at the warehouses and get right down to business. no time to waist, there's asphalt to be surfed!! so we make it around one building a whole time and on the 2nd time around we hit a plate in the road and somehow the mattress becomes unattatched from the truck but in doing so brad and I go flying forward. luckily we have faces and arms to help break our fall. hahaha. so now my right cheek is scraped up along with my knuckles, shoulder and left forearm. (I'm so proud of my newly acquired scrapes) after that we decided we were kinda hungry again and went to the fellinis on mcclendon so brad could pick somethign up from a friend. I noticed that my ex-tortillas crush works there now! woo. we chit chatted a bit. found out she has a bf, etc. no big deal. I was highly intoxicated and scraped up. so afterwards we go to the brewhouse for another round of drinks and more chit chattin. later on, some more friends showed up along with tortillas girl. woo. chit chatted some more until tortillas girl left and brad took sarah (friend #5) and delphine home. then we, remaining people, decided to go to the clermont which ended up being dull. after that was mjq. saw some people, played on a few girls sympathy and got free drinks. and thats my night. haha. whew.

Current Mood: pleased 😊
Current Music: 8 frozen modules - invisible choirboy
