---
title: ¿donde es tu bling bling?
date: 2003-03-24
excerpt: ¿donde es tu bling bling?
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

March 24th, 2003
10:48 pm: ¿donde es tu bling bling?
yeap, bought myself a right nice bicycle. not sure of the year, but it's a gary fisher marlin. dark metallic grey paint with black finish. hard tail, no front suspension. it's perfect for a clumsy oaf such as myself. must be relatively old considering it's made of steel and not aluminum. which is the only drawback for me. I just wish that the back were a little lighter for when Im hopping larger obsticles. I should be getting some caged pedals for it soon so that will help greatly.

now to find someone to ride with. ;)

Current Music: random classical on local radio station
Current Mood: bored 🥱

Comments:

- From: deafeuphoria
- Date: March 24th, 2003 04:28 pm (local)

- BOTH of my bikes are broken, and i need to get my new(er) one fixed so when i finally get a job i have a way to and from it. ahh to not have transportation.

- (now that i can post this, you will see its completely l4m3)

- From: sadlowbitworld
- Date: March 24th, 2003 06:23 pm (local)

- will you give me a ride if i promise that my hands wont wander?

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: March 25th, 2003 01:27 am (local)

  - baby, you dont even need tuh be axin me nuffin. you knows I gots a place for you tuh ride.

- From: toho
- Date: March 25th, 2003 09:29 am (local)

- I've got a jolly smashing stationary bicycle. You can ride with me.

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: March 26th, 2003 02:10 am (local)

  - ooh, sounds like a pip. let me just grab my spandex and lube.
