---
title: legacy post 01
date: 2004-09-17T19:03:00+00:00
excerpt: Currently reading 1. The Hidden Connections Integrating The Biological, Cognitive, And Social Dimensions
tag:
  - legacy
  - reading
  - listening
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

° Currently reading
1. The Hidden Connections: Integrating The Biological, Cognitive, And Social Dimensions Of Life Into A Science Of Sustainability by Fritjof Capra. "Fritjof Capra, bestselling author of The Tao of Physics and The Web of Life, here explores another frontier in the human significance of scientific ideas--applying complexity theory to large-scale social interaction." -Taken from book.
2. Wholeness and the Implicate Order by David Bohm. "David Bohm presents a rational and scientific theory which explains cosmology and the nature of reality; written clearly, and without the use of technical jargon, it is essential reading for those interested in physics, philosophy, psychology, and the connection between consciousness and matter." -Taken from book.

° Current Listening Material
1. Malady - (Self Titled) : Level Plane Records
2. Tarentel - The Order of Things : Neurot Recordings
3. Aesop Rock - Float : Mush Records
4. Pan-Am - Quiet City : Kranky Records
5. The Rachel's - Systems/Layers : Quarterstick Records

° Random Images

bridge on ponce  gsu parking garage  apartment on ponce  highrise on peachtree
° Music Projects
1. meson - my personal music project. Brooding ambience and texturing of "found" sounds.
2. a-xuna - collaborative efforts between myself and one other person. elegant vocals, ethereal guitars, and dense atmospheres.
