---
title: fall back
date: 2004-10-13
excerpt: fall back
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

October 13th, 2004
09:03 am: fall back
ok, so as you might or might have noticed. I did a little bit of cleaning of my journal. I got kind of tired reading about what happened this past year, so I decided to clean it out and start fresh.

Last weekend was great, had a wonderful time in the citay. Figured out a way to get to a marta station from my remote location outside the perimeter. That seemed to open up this great door of adventure to me. haha. Unfortunately, my bike was "misplaced in the wrong hands" so to speak. So, Im currently looking for a better replacement for it. I was growing tired of that bike anyways. it was too bulky and slow.

Other than that, I've been sleeping a lot lately. Just felt extrememly exhausted lately. Not sure why, maybe it's all the stress at my work. Just seems to keep piling up. My cellphone was shut off last weekend if that's why you're wondering I'm avoiding you. Haha, worry not, I'll have it turned back on by friday at the latest.

Umm, 2 of my good friends are coming to visit this month. Actually, one of them is moving up here by the end of the month. I'm really excited about that because my music will kick off again. Havn't really felt motivated lately otherwise. I know I can rely on this kid because we've worked well in the past and been on tour together. Infact, if all goes accordingly, I maybe going on tour sometime next year. Really excited about that possibility. Any excuse I have to travel, I want to do it.
thanks,
johann
"

Current Mood: cheerful 😊
Current Music: malady - the world is a tomb

12:06 pm: International Affairs
Hah, since I work at a company that ships their products internationally. I tend to receive the most bizarre e-mails from time to time. Here is just one of the few:

From Dr Cosmos Mally
Contract Tender Board Committee
Office of the Presidency
Republic of Togo
Letter of Introduction:
Attention:The president/Manager
Sir/Madam,

With reference from the Contract tender board committee office of the
presidency Government of the Republic of Togo . I the above named person and the
Chairman Contract tender board committee for the past four years now.In view of
the above reference and directive.I wish to introduce myself so as to
seek for the awareness of your company's list of products and there
durabilities in supplying contract/Importation of your company's products to the
government of republic of Togo ministries involved, Kindly furnish us with the neccessary informations
due for this products supply contract as we are preparing to establish
a three years supply contract business relationship with your company as
a well reputed company. We will appreciate it most if our request will be
granted by your company as we anticipate a favourable reply.
Please do include your company's web page for me us to view the
products online and know the one needed by the Goverment of the Republic of Togo.
Best Regards
Dr cosmos mally
Tender Board Committee

Would anyone care to discuss why the Republic of Togo would care for digital scales? For those of you who don't know where togo is, it's in Africa. Right here to be exact.

Current Music: beck - derelict
Current Mood: curious 🧐
