---
title: passive political protest
date: 2004-10-26
excerpt: passive political protest
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

October 26th, 2004
02:35 pm: passive political protest
haha. with all this political hubub going on, I've decided to play these albums until elections are over:

# ministry - houses of the molè

# ministry - psalm 69

# municipal waste - waste 'em all

# crucial unit - these colors get the runs

if you can think of anything else that's along the same lines, post 'em. definitely something aggro and not passive hippy crap. I know toho
</span> would jump at the instance to post his hippy crap... hahah, jk dude.

Comments:

- From: toho
- Date: October 26th, 2004 07:56 am (local)

- cheap shot!

Current Music: ministry - no w
Current Mood: silly 🤪

11:32 pm: another quiz, but I think it suits me just fine.

You're a Winter. You very much enjoy your time
alone but do like other people's company
sometimes. You just need your space. You have a
few priviledged friends who saw past your
colder exterior to find the true you. You can
have pretty bad mood swings (though you hate to
admit it) so you could be soft one second then
storming around the next! But over all, you're
a very pleasant person once people take the
time to get to know you. You're a good friend
for in-depth talks. You're very talanted when
it comes to creative things.(If you can't see
the pics, go to my homepage and look near the
bottom and find your result)

What season are you? (pics)
brought to you by Quizilla

Current Mood: contemplative 🤔
Current Music: deru - safemode
