---
title: ugh, planning my own funeral
date: 2004-11-17
excerpt: ugh, planning my own funeral
tag:
  - livejournal
  - comments
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

November 17th, 2004
12:54 pm: ugh, planning my own funeral
hah,
so I never thought I could be in such a position where as to be a complete range of emotions.
explanation:
I am angry, and overall displeased/disappointed with my living/work situation. I'm seriously in a rut! There are too many complicating factors to mention here in this post so I will leave it at that. Now, I am happy, and very pleased with the direction that my music is going. I am putting every effort I have to it despite the fact that I am broke. Oh well, you put your heart and everything into something, it's bound to pay off eventually. Besides, it's extremely rewarding to know that there are people out there who are supportive of my intentions. It only helps me to work even harder. I love you all.
-johnjohn

Current Music: malady - well again
Current Mood: busy 💼

Comments:

- From: laurelly
- Date: November 18th, 2004 12:53 pm (local)

- Hey one of my friends in atlanta needs help with her business. I don't know if you have another car or not, or a clean driving record... but, I'll fwd what she sent me:

- To those of you in Atlanta, my company is hiring.

- PAY: Our techs make anywhere from $600 - $1000+ weekly.

- Location: We are located off Delk and 75

- Positions: We're hiring both full time and part time. Full time techs have 5 day work weeks (one day off during the week and off on sunday.)

- Requirements: They need to have a clean driving record and reliable transportation to get to and from work.. Proficient in English, US citizenship. Honesty, reliability and they must be ethical!!

- Description: We are in search of hard working and reliable individuals. We won the 2004 Consumer's Choice award in Atlanta for superior carpet and upholstery cleaning so obviously apprearance is important... For lack of better words, "I don't want no scrub"...

- please please please we need more help! We're completely at capacity and the christmas rush hasn't even started.. so please, if you know anyone who even MIGHT be interested, have them email me at taryn@lenoxcd.com or, better yet, fax their resume to 770-874-7821.

- Thanks!!

- - Taryn

- Looks like there might be bucks in it! Just a thought.

- From: laurelly
- Date: November 18th, 2004 12:55 pm (local)

- Oh yeah you can say that Laurel sent you, it may give you priority over the others, I dunno.

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: November 18th, 2004 01:38 pm (local)

  - ah, well I appreciate the forward. I'd definitely apply for it but 1. I dont have a license or a car at the moment. won't have the license back until february. and 2. my driving record isnt clean either. hahah.
  - but thanks anyways, I miss you guys.

- From: vivahate
- Date: November 18th, 2004 08:45 pm (local)

- are you going to jeff's party tomorrow?

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: November 18th, 2004 10:20 pm (local)

  - naw, no one invited me. plus I have plans for tomorrow nite. sowwy =(

- From: vivahate
- Date: November 27th, 2004 01:46 pm (local)

- hey dude,

- could you email me (retroplainjane@hotmail.com) your full name/mailing address? have something i'd like to send ya.

- gracias!
- tessa
