---
title: awake
date: 2005-12-17
excerpt: awake
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

December 17th, 2005
08:23 am: [custom friends groups post] awake
I really want to stab my brain right now. this thing is useless.

Custom Friends Groups: friends²
Current Mood: awake 👀
Current Music: songs:ohia - the black crow

Comments:

- From: vivahate
- Date: December 20th, 2005 05:53 am (local)

- xo

02:42 am: ⌡○≈♠8╚|
ugh, today started off nice. woke up, had italian icecream, walked around in the nice air today. good time with my girl.

work is always such a drag and drains me, though. today we had the "yo-yo syndicate" come into work and do "free demonstrations" which entailed: 3 losers hovering around our tables, tossing, and twiddling their yo-yos around. it was a pathetic sight. I almost felt bad for the guys cause none of our customers were paying any attention to them. they just kept eating and ignoring the whole event. blah blah blah.
whatever.

Current Mood: drained 😩
Current Music: below the sea - et pourtrant la nuit

Comments:

- From: handstocreate
- Date: December 17th, 2005 05:40 pm (local)

- yeah! i understand, my brotha'! you wanna stab mine, and i'll stab yours?

  - From: ohjn
  - Date: December 18th, 2005 03:17 am (local)

  - fuck yeah. whatever gets it done. I've been awake for so long. Im getting delerious. it's fuckin nuts. I feel this burning inside me and I can't eat or sleep. fuck I hate life.

    - From: handstocreate
    - Date: December 19th, 2005 04:18 am (local)

    - hm. i don't hate life so much as i am just no good at it. either way, the brain definitely needs a sharp tool digging around in it before i feel any better about things. ..or an electrode. shock that biznitch into shape.

      - From: ohjn
      - Date: December 19th, 2005 05:40 pm (local)

      - yeah, I know what you mean. but you know, if I could just like take my brain out and replace it with some sort of gelatinous object or maybe use it for holding some mixed salted nuts. I think I'd feel a lot better and it'd serve some sort of purpose.
