---
title: wackiness & neverending
date: 2005-12-04
excerpt: wackiness excerpt neverending neurotic behaviors.
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

December 4th, 2005
07:19 pm: [custom friends groups post] wackiness & neverending neurotic behaviors.
man, what a wacky day. I show up at work to open the store and my boss is waiting on me. "I thought you were 'sposed to be here at 10 and not 10:15. I mean that's the last I heard." me: "well, mike never calls until 10:30 and he hasn't said shit to me since that one day." (I had gotten to work one morning at about 10:20 and mike had called a little early that day and asked me to come in at 10 from now on instead of the usual 10:15. he only really said that cause he was just freakin' out over the store opening. petty bullshit if you ask me.) so anyways, I told him mike calls at 10:20 every day now and has always been cool with me. fuck it.

so later on, we get busy. (Im managing by myself now, the bossman went home but not soon enough...bloody hell.) so everything's going well, everythings stocked up and ready to go. 4:30 rolls around, there's a huge party of like 100 people gathering around the center of the store. (this party is hosted by my roommates' mom and we had known about it all week, so needless to say, we were all prepared--anyways, it's for some highschool shit...I dunno. I just got dollar signs in my eyes when I heard they were coming. hah.) so I work the party, do all the shit I'm 'sposed to do, everyones happy... except the bossman. fuck, man. what's with this asshole?!?! nothing fuckin' pleases him. he'll kiss your ass one day, but the next he'll rip it open. and when he's kissing it, you know the fucker has something else on his mind that would probably piss you off, too.

so I do all my paperwork, get my shit together so I can leave, and ask, "is there anything else you need? everythings cool, right?" he says, "yeah, everythings fine." then his mood changes, fuckin' gemini's, man. I knew it was coming. he looks to me with this stern look and says, "tomorrow, I need you to come in at about 4:30-4:45. we need to have a talk." he's kinda shaking as he says this. so I'm like, alright... will do. (I call him a fuckin' nancy under my breath. he always pulls this shit with everyone.)

so I started thinking, "what could this possibly be about?" well, it suddenly hits me. someone has been going around talking shit about me--making up these wild stories about how I'm sleeping with a couple of the employees. not true, (well, I am dating one of the girls but she never ever works anymore so it's not an issue...unless you're a neurotic, tightass, who decides to make it an issue.) although, I can honestly say I'm a little flattered by all of this, but not nearly as much as I'm weirded out that someone is having sexual fantasies of me and some wild promiscuous activities. fuckin' highschool bullshit! goddamn, this makes me so mad. why won't people leave my social life out of my work life?! I hate mixing the 2 things up...I mean, yeah, I'm dating the girl at my work, but as I have stated above, we don't ever work with each other, nor have we. plus, I've known her for about a year or 2. we kinda dated about a year ago, but went our separate ways. not an issue, now. so why do I have to talk about it with my boss? bloody hell.

you know what the sad part about all of this is? once we talk about all this bullshit, I straighten out my mess that he's created, and move on. there will be another instance where he freaks out about nothing and puts the shit right back on me. gah, I told myself I'd only be doing this gig for about 2 years and then figure something else out. but at this rate, I dunno if I can take it much longer. it's just a bunch of highschool drama. I hate drama and dramaqueens. hahaha. well, that's my rant for the week.

Current Music: m3rck.net records audio stream
Custom Friends Groups: friends²
Current Mood: irritated 😤
