---
title: 17 years
date: 2005-12-02
excerpt: 17 years
tag:
  - livejournal
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

December 2nd, 2005
06:44 pm: 17 years
today, I woke up, gave my girl a kiss, left her place, and went to work. on the way, I stopped by the bank to make a deposit and happened upon someone leaving a parking space with 30mins left in the meter. sweet. (we scraped all of our change together the night before to buy fastfood for dinner.) hah. so that was a pretty good break before a long, grueling day at work. when I got to work, I started mulling over the past week or 2 in my head while I cleaned and got everything setup. I feel like I've managed to piss off everyone or they're incredibly unhappy with me right now. maybe it's just all in my head or it's just the weather. anyways, I don't like letting people down or disappointing them. I felt bad for awhile. about midway through the day, I was starting to feel pretty rundown and tired. a customer came in with his wife and child. I took his order. he looked at my magicicada shirt that I was wearing and said something about how they're really bad in cincinatti when they come out. I half-assed made a joke about how "they're not so magical, now." he then replied, "but they only come out every 17 years... that's pretty magical." when he said that, I kind of stopped and pondered on that for a minute and smirked as he walked away. it kind of changed my outlook for the rest of the day....

until my boss came in, I felt this great sense of nervous tension in the air. I tried to talk to him and break it but it lasted for the next hour. we chatted hear and there about a couple of things. he seemed too nice. it was unsettling. generally, in the past, he's been a prick about everything. so I left work in a hurry once I finished all of my paperwork. I'm feeling this great sense of impending doom, now. oh well, I'm going to buy some beer in a bit and hope it takes the edge off.

Current Mood: drained 😩
Current Music: polvo - tragic carpet ride

Comments:

- From: vivahate
- Date: December 3rd, 2005 02:00 am (local)

- 17 years?

- Is the beer helping?

- From: handstocreate
- Date: December 3rd, 2005 05:21 pm (local)

- impending doom is the worst. that's when i pull out the beers too. well, and any other excuse, really.

- From: ohjn
- Date: December 3rd, 2005 07:03 pm (local)

- apparently, cicadas hibernate for 17 years. I dunno, seemed thought provoking.
