---
title: Savitar
date: 2016-11-22T21:49:00-05:00
excerpt: |
  Recap of tonight's The Flash, and boy was tonight's episode awesome. Plenty of spoilers ahead so read on if you're caught up. Here's a rundown on what we saw tonight. We got a taste of Caitlin as Killer Frost, Cisco vibed some more, Wally got his speedforce, Greg from Heroes showed up as a detective, and Alchemy was unveiled. I'll try to work through each topic in order.
tag:
  - flash
  - tvlack
readTime: 3 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

Recap of tonight's The Flash, and boy was tonight's episode awesome. Plenty of spoilers ahead so read on if you're caught up. Here's a rundown on what we saw tonight. We got a taste of Caitlin as Killer Frost, Cisco vibed some more, Wally got his speedforce, Greg from Heroes showed up as a detective, and Alchemy was unveiled. I'll try to work through each topic in order. 


My thoughts here with Caitlin is that I couldn't decide if she'd continue to be evil, or would she become some regular hero but with frosty powers. It's kind of weird right now that she was influenced by evil thoughts, and we really got to see her return to her true form but then Barry talked her out of it like he always does, and then she played along with the team like nothing happened. I'm really interested to see how this pans out but I don't think it will be good. I have a feeling she'll continue to be evil as the show goes on but I guess we'll see. 


Not really much to talk about Cisco really. Killer Frost brought out his bad side and he's kind of pissed at Barry now for not preventing his brother from getting killed. I'm sure he'll get over it sooner or later, or maybe we'll even get a bad version of Vibe like his alternate version on Earth 2, Reverb. Kinda doubt it, but the timeline is screwy so it's not totally out of the ballpark. 


Wally is Kid Flash now! This is pretty exciting to see another regular speedster. He kind of seems faster than Barry which may be a good thing when they go up against Savitar. Barry will need all the help he can get. Which reminds me, I was reading earlier this week that a speedster's flash color is a different color to represent their connection with the speedforce. Barry's is kind of orange, whereas Wally's was yellow. Reverse Flash's was yellow, but then Zoom and Savitar both have a sort of blue/white color. The latter colors being the most fastest, and red being not quite as fast. Not sure how much the show really pays attention to that though. 


The guy from Heroes shows up out of nowhere as a detective. It's kind of weird, but makes me think that there's going to be a plan for him later on. Most likely once we lose Julien we'll need some sort of replacement for him. 


Which leaves me with my theory coming true. Julien is Alchemy. He obviously disappeared last episode so that he could perform the ritual as I had predicted. It was almost too predictable in tonight's episode when Caitlin kidnapped Julien and she mentioned Savitar as a way to try to find Alchemy and ditch her powers. But now the cat's out of the bag, what's going to happen now that he made Barry quit? He most likely was trying to save himself since he mentioned that Savitar has a plan for Caitlin and Barry is good friends with her. Pretty smart on his part at least for now. 


We'll see how this all pans out, but probably not next week. We've got the big 4 show crossover happening with the Invasion! so this should be a good break. 
