---
title: The Flash
date: 2016-11-16T15:59:00-05:00
tag:
  - the flash
  - tv
  - dc universe
readTime: 2 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

The Flash has been really awesome lately. There are spoilers ahead, so don't read if you're not caught up yet. This post I will be talking mostly about my thoughts on Alchemy and the disappearance of Julien.  

The run down of the episode last night (no pun intended), is that Wally had some speed force dreams where he envisioned himself as Kid Flash, but it turns out, this may have been a result of Alchemy trying to lure him into awakening his powers. 

Eventually they wind up at some abandoned warehouse where Alchemy is surrounded by a few cloaked individuals, while team Flash tries to stop him by luring Wally. They mention on the way that Julian is nowhere to be found and even called in sick to work. 

At the very end of the episode, we got a tease of the speedforce god, Savitar, for next week's episode. Perhaps Alchemy is awakening metas from other time lines so that he can try to fight Savitar. Either way, there's more to the story line unfolding than we've really seen at this point which is where I have a few theories:

1. Julien has been "husked" by Alchemy, which would have happened sometime between the movie in the park, and meeting Alchemy. This theory makes sense because Julien mentioned being really jealous of metas in the past, and wanting so desperately to have powers. Team Flash mentioned there being three husks unaccounted for. That would mean that Wally is one, Caitlin is two, and then Julien is three. We also see Wally getting husked at the end of the episode, and then Caitlin was vibed by Cisco. The fact that she's full on Killer Frost also leads me to believe that she'll be husked and turn evil.

2. Julien is one of the cloaked individuals in the meeting in the warehouse with Alchemy. I don't have a lot to go on here, but it's a possibility considering he's gone during the meeting with Alchemy and called out of work that day. Additionally, he mentioned not having powers, so maybe he had powers in the past, and Savitar took them away to further his jealousy of other metas. Alchemy promised to bring his powers back.

3. Julien is Alchemy. Again, I don't have a whole lot to go on with this theory, but could explain his odd behavior and disappearance at the time that they're meeting Alchemy. Though, it doesn't make sense given the events that have lead up to everything so far. 

All in all, I'm really looking forward to seeing how this pans out. Obviously, Caitlin will now be Killer Frost in the next episode, we have Savitar, Wally's potential speedforce, and Julien to find. 


