---
title: Content management
date: 2016-01-29T09:33:00-05:00
excerpt: |
  Today is Friday, and boy did it not come quickly enogh. The theme for this week is content management; or rather, static site generators. I've gone through a few this week, and will outline just my general thoughts...
tag:
  - web development
  - blogging
readTime: 1 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

Today is Friday, and boy did it not come quickly enogh. The theme for this week is content management; or rather, static site generators. I've gone through a few this week, and will outline just my general thoughts. Nothing really deep, though. 

Last weekend, I stumbled across a newer static site generator called CMS.js. A completely javascript driven static site generator. Out of curiosity, I downloaded a copy, tweaked it, and then pushed it up to a Github site. It seemed to work Ok, and I really liked the default theme that came with it, but I felt that it was less feature driven than, say, Jekyll. 

So after feeling a little disappointed, I thought I'd revisit a few other static site generators. Next up is Hugo. I really like this tool a lot, and I think I would be more inclined to use it once I get comfortable with the process it takes to generate pages. 

Next up was Hugo. I've used this one before, and started looking over the docs again for any updates or improvements, but couldn't find anything that stood out. I like the idea of this one, too, and it's all built off of node.js. However, by the time I got back to Hugo, I was a little fatigued with generators so I decided to stick with Jekyll--as you can see now. 

Here's a link to each of the sites to check out. All of them are capable of being hosted on Github's gh-pages, but I find that process a little awkward and would rather just host them on my own server. 

- [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)
- [Hugo](http://gohugo.io/)
- [Hexo](https://hexo.io/)
- [CMS.js](https://cdmedia.github.io/cms.js/)
