---
title: PHP and me pt.2
date: 2017-07-08T23:59:51-04:00
excerpt: |
  I've given more thought to what I want to do, what I want to learn, and my overall career goals. This is something that continues to evolve but I'm starting to see more what I don't like and what I do like so it's motivating me a bit more. Plus, my confidence is pretty high right now... at least with my Linux knowledge, just need to work on coding now.
tag:
  - coding
  - php
  - tools
readTime: 2 min
featured: false
draft: false
---

I've given more thought to what I want to do, what I want to learn, and my overall career goals. This is something that continues to evolve but I'm starting to see more what I don't like and what I do like so it's motivating me a bit more. Plus, my confidence is pretty high right now... at least with my Linux knowledge, just need to work on coding now.

First of all, my main focus on learning will of course be Linux admin--studying for the LPIC 1 + 2 tests--that's pretty much a given. Although I may not actually take the test, but I want to learn as much as I can as if I were going to. If I land an apprenticeship position with the ops team, I'd like to be able to know my shit and show off all my skills.

Secondly, I've come full circle with PHP again. I know I've gone back and forth with it for the last two years so It's about time that I just do it and get it over with. But the main reason is that almost every team works with it in some way, so it'll be beneficial for me to learn and master it. I also want to flesh out my knowledge on Python as it seems to also be used pretty widely within the company. And then eventually, I want to finish learning Go lang but that's more of a hobby or fun language to learn so it's not too important right now. Pretty much sums up my coding side but I think that should be a good solid foundation for me.

Lastly, I've decided that I love Atom more than Sublime and recently made the switch across all my computers. A lot of it has to do with the flexibility of the program and the easy to sync my settings and themes across machines using just a Github Gist. Pretty freakin' handy if you ask me. Plus the plugins and theming are great--pretty modern and I like that there's a plugin to display icons next to file types.

Music for tonight, Polarity compilation out on Ultimae Records. Beautify ambient works mixed together nicely.

<iframe style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 120px;" src="https://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=3795418432/size=large/bgcol=ffffff/linkcol=099/tracklist=false/artwork=small/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="http://ultimae.bandcamp.com/album/polarity">POLARITY by V/A - Mixed by Focal</a></iframe>
